---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-03-04T20:06:17.299Z'
dateModified: '2016-03-04T20:05:28.415Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-03-04-98a798b7-708a-46db-8f84-651fc62f32b6.md
published: true
url: 98a798b7-708a-46db-8f84-651fc62f32b6/index.html
_type: Article

---
Testimonials

> ## "A big thank you to Jocelyn Lee of Koi Chi Healing! She came to my home to do a cleansing and clearing ceremony as I had some interesting activity in my home. It solved my 'problem!' She has a wonderful caring approach and I would highly recommend her! Thanks Jocelyn!"- Estrellita GonzalezDecember 2015

## "Speaking with Jocelyn immediately filled me with intense joy and warmth and our physical distance was not a hindrance with my session. I really liked her professionalism in reviewing all of my questions and concerns; each point was reviewed and discussed at length to gain a full perspective of my situation. In our first Skype call Jocelyn gave me the flexibility to choose the direction of our session. The tarot card reading and guided meditation led by Jocelyn was intuitive and very enlightening. I highly recommend her to anyone who is seeking assistance on his or her path to self-discovery. She is definitely a genuine individual who sincerely aims to help heal and guide oneself to one's true purpose."- Karin, North CarolinaNovember 2015"First off I want to thank Jocelyn for making this first step into spirituality so calming, warm and inviting. I had a reiki/crystal healing session with her. She made me feel completely comfortable in this new experience. When the session was over I have never felt so peaceful and in tune with myself. Since my session we have been able to talk and I'm so grateful to know that if I have questions, insights and worries that I can reach out to her. I hope who ever is reading this makes that first step into to this incredible journey with Jocelyn and give her a big hug for me."- AlannahNovember 2015"Jocelyn is truly amazing in so many ways. She makes you feel so comfortable and right at home. I can't recommend her enough! It doesn't matter what you are going through in your life or if you would just like to get to know yourself more, she is the person to see. She really makes every session unique and personal and she really over delivers! A Reiki session with Jocelyn is like a breath of fresh air; sometimes I feel like she knows me better than I know myself. I always leave her session feeling at peace and full of gratitude. Thank you Jocelyn for your generosity and kindness!"- JenniferMay 2015"For me Jocelyn has been a guiding source of light that leads me to un-open doors and shows me the way to unlocking them. Through each session with Jocelyn I walk away with more ease, wisdom, trust, love, and light on how to lead a more authentic and expansive life for myself and those around me. Koi Chi Healing has been a fundamental and transformational building block in my life for some time now and and will continue to be. Jocelyn holds an unquestionable gift that must be experienced and relished for yourself, for everyone deserves to live fuller and more authentically. Jocelyn, thank you for sharing your gift!"- MimiApril 2015I am overcome with love, joy and relaxation after taking some time away from the busyness of life to spend time with Jocelyn. Thank you Jocelyn for taking so much time tailoring each of our crystal healing sessions into a healing holistic experience. - This wonderful women creates a loving space in which growth, support and beautiful synergistic experiences are made. She is a friend, teacher, ally and a fellow goddess whom I feel blessed to have in my life"- AlexandraFebruary 2015"Never having had a Reiki session before, I was very excited for the experience. I definitely feel that the universe lead me to the perfect person for this because Jocelyn made me feel so comfortable, and most importantly, I could feel that she genuinely cared and is 100% sincere in her work. She is an excellent communicator, and really takes the time to explain everything in detail. There is no "rushing." Starting the session with the tarot cards was great because it helped guide me in a particular direction, and I clearly felt that the messages I got were exactly what I needed to hear. It is because of Jocelyn that my main priority right now is to nurture myself, which in turn will bring more abundance of all areas into my life. This makes me very excited  for the future! I would definitely go back for another session ... and I think it would be a great way to help "maintain" my energy."- TrinaAugust 2014"As much as I was open-minded about trying Reiki, a part of me was unsure if I could connect with the experience. I truly think that I was able to have an incredible first experience because of Jocelyn. Spending time talking about life before the session was just what I needed to delve into healing; Jocelyn listens intently, and genuinely feels what emotions you express to her. I felt understoof and comfortably at ease. I even felt relaxed and serene before the Reiki session began, and no longer nervous. I could not imagine having a session with anyone else. I'm really grateful to Jocelyn for experiencing it with me, and providing a safe space for me to unwind and go on a personal journey through some difficult emotions I had yet to tackle. I walked away feeling a sense of wholeness. As someone who constantly has mental chatter (as many of us do), it was shocking and incredible that my mind was turned off and focused on the present. I look forward to the next time I see Jocelyn."- NikkiJuly 2014"It was by mere coincidence that I came across the Koi Chi Healing website - the exotic design and mention of session offered by donation, further peeked my interest as I had never come across practioners offering services based on donation. I booked a session with relative ease and am convinced I was guided to Jocelyn's website. Jocelyn is truly a gifted and sincere healer, and a warm, kind and caring human being. I felt like we were family. After the Reiki session, I felt very relazed and continued exuding a sense of peace and love until today - a multidimensional healing in its truest sense. I feel very blessed in crossing paths with Jocelyn. My best wishes and prayers for Jocelyn's success in helping heal fellow humans. May her work fulfill her life and bring abundance to this genuine "light-worker."- MJJune 2014Jocelyn's passion for healing combined with her sharp intuition makes for a healing session that delves into the subconscious level. My first crystal healing experience was with Jocelyn, and I can say with confidence that she was able to bring up repressed issues that I was struggling with. With her guidance, I hope to continue the progress we made during the session and help myself heal. I already find myself using the principles discussed during our session and have felt a tremendous relief since then! Thank you so much for everything, Jocelyn!"- NataliJune 2014"Although I didn't have a specific reason for requesting a session with Jocelyn, the entire process truly enlightened me. She was very open the entire time and provided various explanations and personal experiences to help me understand the basis of reiki. It's clear that Jocelyn has a genuine passion for aiding others and tries her best to guide them down the right path. Overall, I enjoyed my first session and will definitely go back for another! "- MarinaFebruary 2014I had the pleasure of having a session with Jocelyn and it was absolutely amazing. She made me feel so comfortable. I came in a little hesitant to how everything worked and what it was all about, but I left with a whole new outlook and ever since I've felt a lot better. I should mention I've struggled with anxiety for a few years but after this and talking with Jocelyn, I've noticed that I've felt a lot better lately. I will definitely be having another visit with Jocelyn in the near future!"- MeganJanuary 2014"I went into my first Reiki session with Jocelyn not knowing what to expect, but just knew that it was something that I wanted to try. From the first minute of meeting Jocelyn I felt comfortable, relaxed and knew I could trust her with my experience.  Jocelyn was fantastic at explaining how the process worked and what she was going to do. She explained chakras, crystals, stones and many other elements of what is used during the session. I came out of the session with a newfound energy and openness. I would highly recommend Jocelyn to anyone looking for a great energetic healer and will definitely be returning to her in the future."- BrandiJanuary 2014"I want to start by saying thank you for the great experience I have had in my Reiki session with Jocelyn.This was my first time taking part in such amazing spiritual session that not only taught me a lot about myself but also helped me clear up my mind and get rid of the daily routine anxiety. Jocelyn had prepared me well with providing great information prior to the session, about crystals. I also learned that balancing your energy and letting go of negativity during the treatment could really help with getting more focused, improving overall mood and feeling pure and balanced. Thank you."- DaryaDecember 2013"My experience with Shamballa Multi-dimensional Healing was life changing. After the session my body was relaxed, my mind was clear, and I felt re-energized It was an experience that has helped me greatly and is something I intend to do again soon." - MylesDecember 2013"Jocelyn embodies Reiki, her healing gift carries a certain gravity that you can't explain but instead have to experience for yourself. From the start I was deeply relaxed and fell into a deep meditative state almost immediately. The ambience of her healing space, her energetic touch that pulses through your body and aura, and her approach to the art of reiki will leave you feeling deeply relaxed and fresh, like you just had a really good holiday. The discussion afterward of what she felt and what I experienced gave way to a greater understanding of my chakra points and where there WAS some built up energy. This is healing on a meta-physical level, which effects the physical and psychological level. Well worth it, next time I need some stress relief or guidance counselling, I know where to go."- CorneileDecember 2013"Jocelyn Lee is a wonderful energetic healer. She is gifted in reiki, intuition, and spiritual insight. Going to healing sessions with Jocelyn has given me much physical restoration. In addition, she has promoted self-awareness into why exactly these physical imbalances are occuring. The healing journey through Jocelyn's facilitation does not simply end after the treatment; it just begins."- SophiaNovember 2013"Jocelyn's treatment adds balance and clarity to my life. Several weeks ago I began feeling like I haven't been very good to my body; I have been sacrificing my health in exchange for time and money. I was not a balanced individual. Fatigue, stiff joints, and long hours were now a part of my daily routine. After my first Reiki treatment with Jocelyn I felt a very strange invigorating sensation. There was a warm healing sensation in my hips, knees, and feet. The next day I couldn't believe how well I felt. I was productive but in a healthy way. There was no longer an anxious scramble to get everything done. My irritability turned into patience and love. Thank you Jocelyn. You have help me find a sense of clarity and calm in the way I live my life. I will continue learning!"- AlexanderNovember 2013